I went through this new bill C11 because
I'm one of the people whom whom it will
hypothetically affect although I have a
number of Maneuvers up my sleeve so to
speak to bypass that entirely and I know
Canadians don't understand this but
let's say that the New Media
which is the internet itself was capable
of producing some of the opposition to
the globalists and Trudeau that the
Legacy Media have abandoned it I'm
thinking of people like say uh Russell
Brand who's on the left and not just
mentioned you know any of the
conservative commentators in the United
States but um
now what the now what the Canadian what
the what the bill c-11 has done is
basically and this is unbelievable I
can't believe I read it correctly it
basically defined all internet content
of any sort
as subject to the same crtc Canadian
radio and television uh what is it
Corporation I don't remember the last
word of that app doesn't really matter
no it doesn't matter they've defined
them as broadcasters that are equivalent
let's say to CBC or CTV now the reason
that those broadcasters are different
was because the government had to parse
up the airwaves because the airwaves
were actually a scarce resource now and
the internet is not a scarce resource
and now as far as I can tell reading the
reading Bill C11 which is an
unbelievably vague document if a
internet service provider a private one
so a small business person like me let's
say doesn't broadcast in French and
English and in indigenous languages and
to any diverse range of people with
disabilities
and highlight Canadian content then the
government can do what it needs to do to
de-prioritize their distribution and
they'll do that by putting pressure on
the search engine providers like YouTube
and Google or just stopping them all
together and I read this bill and all of
it again Rex too the bill is couched in
all this diversity inclusivity and
Equity terminology which it's the same
solution to every problem right and so
not only do we have this massive press
collusion with the government that's
absolutely unconscionable in a western
democracy
and and but we also have now the
government clamping down more viciously
than in any other developed country on
the freedom for Canadians to get access
to all of the all of the information on
the internet not just that produced by
Canadians
I'm inclined to believe that this idea
that these ah intellectuals it's mainly
a shallow cabinet I don't care how
condescending that sounds what it mainly
is
that they somehow or other have been
given vatican-like infallibility to
judge what is correct and is not correct
to make decisions that will hold back by
the way the whole idea of disinformation
and misinformation coming out of the
mouths
of this government
I mean
they are the greatest purveyor of
confusion and evasion in the law the
idea that they then are going to be the
kind of grandmas or Mrs Grundy as it
used to be called in the 19th century
and protected tender sensibilities of
Minds that are better than their own
yeah I'm tired of people and I'm sure
you are too because it's getting so
cliched
bringing up George Orwell but because he
put the stamp on it and gave the
template the idea that a central
Authority runs thought and speech and
makes judgments on what is and was not
and under the banner of diversity
inclusion and equity which is really a
hidden a hidden ideology
pumped up my vast self-righteousness and
granting pseudo-infallability to those
who are sensitive we know this is not
the case Mr Trudeau got rid of his only
Aboriginal female Minister there's
Equity there's diversity
they confused this is a big Point too
they confuse either at DeVos which you
referenced or any other high meeting
with saying that you are virtues is the
same thing as being it and there's a
hidden not a hidden there's a blatant
arrogance attached to any government
that thinks that the in the modern
communication system that it should have
any business outside of the exact things
that are defined by law as incitement
and real rabbit hate
they will call hate something they
simply don't like it's not an easy it's
not an easy emotion to Define C11 as
Michael geiston I know you follow him
Michael Geist is the professor of
communication who most and most
articulately and most deeply is warning
over and over to give this bunch
that can't issue a passport
that have a pay system for their own
civil servants that's three or four
years
misfunctioning that can't let passengers
walk out of Pierce in the airport within
less than 24 hours should suddenly have
the government
of the thoughts and reactions and
speeches and positions and films and
talks like this like yours
it's absurd but it's more than that this
is truly frightening
I mean what is the developing for more
power than you need
well it's the imposition of an ideology
and go back to your China Point here's
the reason that he may really admire
China
because China it happens to be communism
in that case China is fired only as was
Russia by an ideology by a set of narrow
ideas from which no deviation no
criticism under penalty of Exile or
death is allowed not as hard over here
but die is an ideology and ideology
makes those claims and fills those who
hold it with a completely a completely
unacceptable level of moral certitude
not certainty bill c-11 is a disaster
and boy one more quick point it is
shameful
it is shameful to the essence that the
main main Canadian press are not as one
voice
and a one intense voice saying we're not
having this
we are simply not having this you are
not going to rule on what is information
and not information you are not going to
rule on the presence of citizens on the
new channels of communication and seeing
you've already fouled the official or
Legacy means to some serious degree
we're certainly not going to allow you
to put a pillow over the mouth of the
only possible new exchanges that we have
it's a terrible idea and idea apart from
arrogance righteousness and the belief
in his own infallibility I can't see
wise but
why aren't the MPS even in his own party
saying Justin you're dreaming you're out
of touch we don't want to go there we're
not following you on this where's the
courage in any of these caucuses hey
hand wave about diversity inclusivity
Equity the environment and then in Bill
C11 they add the protection of the
Canadian culture sure to that and which
sounds like something taken out of like
1979 or 1980 it's such an outdated idea
and one of the other Terror terrifying
things about Bill c-11 is that we won't
in Canada if this is actually enforced
with the collusion let's say of Google
and YouTube and so forth and the force
collusion in some sense because those
companies are not going to break the law
Canadians won't even know what
information is being hidden from them
because the laws will take the form of
invisible algorithms that merely
de-prioritize at the listing of content
that doesn't meet the impossible
criteria that have been laid down and
Bill c-11 is basically written in a way
that allows the government to interfere
with the promulgation of any information
that they deem unacceptable for any
reason because there are so many
restrictions on what you're allowed to
do now that there's no possible way that
that any
any member of the alternative media can
meet the criteria it's just not possible
and it won't just be YouTube
broadcasters and podcasters it's going
to be people who provide all sorts of
services online because the bill is
written in such a vast manner that the
provision of any services on the
internet and we're talking about the
internet here right which is something
people really depend on that that'll all
fall under the invisible auspices of a
tiny cotery of ideologically adult
bureaucrats and algorithms